#7859 Split NuttX tutorials. (#127)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/tutorials/advanced/nuttx/6lowpan_config/index.md

---
title: Configure 6LoWPAN communications
permalink: /docs/tutorials/advanced/nuttx/6lowpan_config/
---

|  RTOS |  Board Compatible |
|:-----:|:-----------------:|
| NuttX | Olimex-STM32-E407 |

This guide will show how to set-up a Raspberry Pi 3 (RPI) running Raspbian and an Olimex STM32 E407 board running NuttX to have 6lowpan communication between them.

**Disclaimer**: This tutorial doesn't use micro-ROS, is just a proof of concept of the 6LoWPAN communications.

## Hardware requirements:

- Raspberry Pi 3
- micro-SD card (almost 16gb) with Raspbian lite already installed.
- Olimex-STM32-E407 board.
- Two PMODRF2 module which are base on the MRF24J40 module.

> - PC with Ubuntu (It works fine with Ubuntu 16.04)

Author: I don't get what do you mean with "higher".

> Check if the Nuttx address is part within the Linux/Raspbian neighborhood table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the Nuttx address is part of the Linux/Raspbian neighborhood table.
```

If it is saved there, remove it:
```bash
 $ ip neigh 
   fe80::2be:adde:de:fa00 dev lowpan0  FAILED
 $ sudo ip neigh delete fe80::2be:adde:de:fa00 dev lowpan0 # Remove it.
```

> Then, once deleted, add the Nuttx device it permanently (until reboot):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, once deleted, add the Nuttx device permanently (until reboot):
```

```bash
 $ sudo ip neigh add fe80::2be:adde:de:fa00 dev lowpan0 00:be:ad:de:00:de:fa:00
```

### NuttX side

> First, we need the ip of the board, so type ``ifconfig`` in the main menu. This should return somenthing like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need the IP of the board, so type ``ifconfig`` in the main menu. This should return something like this:
```

Listening on 61616 for input packets   
```

### Raspbian side

> Go to the places that lives the previous download repo. Then go to this folder: ``/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/6LowPAN_Tests/6lowpan_send``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the place where you previously downloaded the repo. Then go to this folder: ``/micro-ROS-bridge_RPI/6LowPAN_Tests/6lowpan_send``.
```

> And execute with root privileges the next app: ``send_demo``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now execute with root privileges the next app: ``send_demo``.
```

> These demos have two arguments: The first is the port to open in the destination and the second is the destination IP. An example of this specific demo could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These demos have two arguments: The first is the port to open in the destination and the second is the destination IP. A specific example for this demo could be:
```
